say you say if it's wrong in this long
stop playing wanna shit they pulling in
the pic time for some action you don't
have to stand ever take you see you just
say it say if it's wrong in this long
star lanes if they pulling in the victim
time for some acts like you don't have
to stand what I need some soul just
standing at attention put it on my show
there's a brand new mission simple just
a list in this hot in this kitchen stuff
is going on the school's got a song
branching fully in this mansion social
never tension suicide has come to play
man that's the pizza if it's gonna
change I tell you what's been missing
you see you say it it's a brand new
revision
tell it to your principal if you will
choking lady sell it to your teachers if
its own facebook show it to your parents
do bullying a kunai we all gotta go to
school here's the golden rule
communication is your to violence ain't
the answer it's all in the way that you
forget can start forgetting in bruges
you gotta speak up I tell you you would
never let me see say you say if it's
wrong in the small stuff please stop
what is just a bully in the pic
if it's wrong you don't have to stand
fresh off the bus coming through the
school's front door Dougie to my locker
get my books and then I run the floor
see a whole lot of sticky situations I
walk through it all man swag is
education picking with somebody I got to
say it's all our obligations when you
see it in the hallway I'm in the
washroom seeing different actions i'm
tired of the physical and verbal
harassment i measure angles just like a
protractor I put that off on my chest
call me a reactor till my bullies come
on man you know you wrong I'm riding
hard for my victims fitting lyrics on
this song but with this campaign we
trying to change minds with the help of
everybody here we bout to change lives
but be a leader not a follower display
anywhere that is happening man you see
it do you say if you see
the singing this shay if it's wrong it's
wrong stuff please wanna shit a bully in
the victim time for some action you'll
have to stand never take
the same che if it's wrong it's wrong
stop playing a bully in the victim
Tampax like you don't have to stand here
at eight now he little Molly Molly would
grow up to be a hottie but right now
Molly has a problem with her body and
this boy named Bobby he's one of her
classmates is constantly harassing
giving Molly the gas phase now it's to
the point Molly doesn't feel safe so
what can she do just to get through the
day now here comes Bobby with something
else to say meanwhile little Molly
self-esteem melts away now everybody
watching Bobby laughing wiley roaster
and ain't nobody helping Molly even
though she hopes for somebody to step up
cuz he feels the business she needs a
good samaritan someone with good
intentions finally someone anonymous
gives a heads up and in there being some
poppy mess and Molly's little head up
right on time Molly had thoughts of
suicide ain't you glad that she didn't
have to die
you